Update index.md - mrkto static list (actions) real-time to batch dest… (#7075)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-marketo-static-lists/index.md

- **Lookback window allowed**: Yes
- **Client or Server-Side Connection**: Server-side

> info "Real-time to batch destination sync frequency"

> > For Real-time audience connections to Marketo Static Lists (Actions), a sync frequency of fifteen to eighteen hours is expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can expect a sync frequency of 15 to 18 hours for real-time audience connections to Marketo Static Lists (Actions).
```
